You little brat, I'm gonna kill you!
And I just thought you were being temperamental,
but I didn't expect you to be so malicious.
I was blind to be deceived by you for so long.
Sim, take that videotape and hurt to the police.
Let her get a taste of prison.
Yes, no, stop.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Caroline, I want to apologize
for all of my past actions.
You were just doing what any mother would do.
Don't worry, I'll keep my promise.
Let me say I'm sorry.
Please, come to our home.
Yeah, Caroline, please give my mother
and I a chance to apologize.
I will.
We'll come by tomorrow night.
This child looks exactly like John did when he was young.
I must find out whose child he is.